README.md, before:

# YARG.Core

Common backend code used throughout various YARG projects/services.

# ⚠ THIS IS NOT THE GAME! ⚠

If you are looking for YARG itself, [you may find it here](https://github.com/YARC-Official/YARG).

## ✍️ Contributing

If you want to contribute, please feel free! Please join [our Discord](https://discord.gg/sqpu4R552r) for easier communication and discussion.

## 🛡️ License

YARG.Core is licensed under the MIT License - see the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🧰 External Licenses

Some libraries/assets are packaged **within** the source code and have licenses that must be included.

| Library | License |
| --- | --- |
| [Moonscraper](https://github.com/FireFox2000000/Moonscraper-Chart-Editor) | [BSD 3-Clause License](https://github.com/FireFox2000000/Moonscraper-Chart-Editor/blob/master/LICENSE)

Please note that other libraries are **not** packaged within the source code, and are to be install by NuGet.

## 📦 External Assets and Libraries

| Link | Type | Use |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [PlasticBand](https://github.com/TheNathannator/PlasticBand) | Reference | Controller Support Info
| [GuitarGame_ChartFormats](https://github.com/TheNathannator/GuitarGame_ChartFormats) | Reference | File Format Documentation
| [DryWetMidi](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Melanchall.DryWetMidi) | Library | Parsing `.mid` Files
| [Moonscraper](https://github.com/FireFox2000000/Moonscraper-Chart-Editor) | Library | Parsing `.chart` Files
| [NUnit](https://docs.nunit.org/articles/nunit/intro.html) | Library | Unit tests

Commit message:

Change license to LGPL-3.0 (or later) (#115)

README.md, after:

# YARG.Core

Common backend code used throughout various YARG projects/services.

# ⚠ THIS IS NOT THE GAME! ⚠

If you are looking for YARG itself, [you may find it here](https://github.com/YARC-Official/YARG).

## ✍️ Contributing

If you want to contribute, please feel free! Please join [our Discord](https://discord.gg/sqpu4R552r) for easier communication and discussion.

## 🛡️ License

YARG.Core is licensed under the [GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.en.html) (or later) - see the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🧰 External Licenses

Some libraries/assets are packaged **within** the source code and have licenses that must be included.

| Library | License |
| --- | --- |
| [Moonscraper](https://github.com/FireFox2000000/Moonscraper-Chart-Editor) | [BSD 3-Clause License](https://github.com/FireFox2000000/Moonscraper-Chart-Editor/blob/master/LICENSE)

Please note that other libraries are **not** packaged within the source code, and are to be install by NuGet.

## 📦 External Assets and Libraries

| Link | Type | Use |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [PlasticBand](https://github.com/TheNathannator/PlasticBand) | Reference | Controller Support Info
| [GuitarGame_ChartFormats](https://github.com/TheNathannator/GuitarGame_ChartFormats) | Reference | File Format Documentation
| [DryWetMidi](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Melanchall.DryWetMidi) | Library | Parsing `.mid` Files
| [Moonscraper](https://github.com/FireFox2000000/Moonscraper-Chart-Editor) | Library | Parsing `.chart` Files
| [NUnit](https://docs.nunit.org/articles/nunit/intro.html) | Library | Unit tests
